Feature comparison with django-viewcomponent (DVC)

https://django-viewcomponent.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started.html

These are some features that I found interesting that are present in DVC and not in DC.

This is NOT an exhaustive list of all features. For that, see the respective documentations.


Feature name | Description | Resolved
-- | -- | --
[Declare slots on Component class](https://django-viewcomponent.readthedocs.io/en/latest/slot.html#basic) | DVC does this as instead of the template tags for slots like `{% slot %}`, they render the slots by accessing the slot variable as: <br/> <code>{% component "blog" as blog_component %}<br/>{% call blog_component.header %} <br/>{% endcomponent %}</code> <br/><br/>While I like our API more (less verbose) I think that declaring the slots on the component class could be used 2-fold:<br/>- To document available slots<br/>- For type hinting when calling <code>Component.render(slots={...})</code><br/><br/>Could look like this:<br/><code>class MyComponent(component.Component):<br/> &nbsp; &nbsp; class Slots(TypedDict):<br/>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  # Names are slot names<br/>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  # Values are "slot_data" types<br/>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; header: dict<br/>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; footer: FooterDict</code> | [ ]
[Rendering nested components as slots](https://django-viewcomponent.readthedocs.io/en/latest/slot.html#linking-slots-with-other-component) | Basically they reused the same system used for rendering slots to also render components. Don't like it tbh. Hard to see if we're rendering component or a slot. Don't know if I can override a "component slot" with my own slot fill or now. | [X] (No action)
[Access Context inside get_context_data](https://django-viewcomponent.readthedocs.io/en/latest/context.html#context) | In django-components, one can also access Context from inside get_context_data, via `self.outer_context`. Or when in isolated mode, they can use provide/inject. | [X] (No action)
[Define multiple slot fills with of same name](https://django-viewcomponent.readthedocs.io/en/latest/slot.html#component-with-rendersmanyfield) | Because I've seen the same in django-web-components (DWC). Personally, my initial reaction was "why define slots as arrays and put all the slot fills inside a for-loop, when you could invert the two and have a singular slot inside of which the user defines a forloop".<br/><br/>I think this has 2 parts:<br/><br/>1. <b>Passing multiple slot fills of the same name to the component.</b> I think we could theoretically support this, but the behavior would be only that all the slot fills of the same name would be joined together in the order they are declared:<br/><code>{% component "my_comp" %}<br/> &nbsp; &nbsp; {% fill "first_slot" %} Hello {% endfill %}<br/> &nbsp; &nbsp; {% fill "second_slot" %} 123 {% endfill %}<br/> &nbsp; &nbsp; {% fill "first_slot" %} World {% endfill %}<br/>{% endcomponent %}</code><br/><br/>So the example above would merge the two `"first_slot"` slot fills into `Hello World`.<br/><br/>2. <b>Treating slots as array inside the component.</b> So instead of rendering slots as singular `{% slot ... %}`, slots would have to be treated as arrays:<br/> `{% for slot of slots.first_slot %} {{ slot }} {% endfor %}`.<br/><br/>I'm not a fan of this, our `slot` tag already works nicely, and turning it into an optional array from singular value feels like a lot of effort for little benefit.<br/><br/>However, I think there still are things that we can do on our end:<br/><br/>1. Document "scoped slots" feature, and describe/show how scoped slots can be used to achieve this same thing.<br/><br/>2. Expose `component_vars.slots` variable which has all slots as `NodeLists`. So if users want to do some advanced things with slots, then they can define their own template tags and pass the slots to them like `{% my_tag component_vars.slots %}`. | [ ]
[Component "previews"](https://django-viewcomponent.readthedocs.io/en/latest/preview.html#previews) | This is an iteresting idea. Now sure exactly what the demo looks like or how it works, but it sounds like it could help users document their components.<br/><br/>However, the author of DVC is also developing [django-lookbook](https://github.com/rails-inspire-django/django-lookbook), which looks like it should do the same thing. So ideally the previewing logic would be managed by other library, outside of django_components. So IMO not actionable right now. | [X] <br/> (No action)
[Documentation on testing](https://django-viewcomponent.readthedocs.io/en/latest/testing.html) | DVC has a section on how to write tests for components. I think we should have that too. | [ ]

